FrontEnd Project - Personal Portfolio Website  
Project Description: Will be developed your own personal portfolio website. 
Applications:  
 You can develop with ReactJS, or Vanilla JavaScript or just using HTML + CSS   
 Deploy it on GitHub as web page.

Short Info about FrontEnd Project presentation. 
Extra Info  
 https://kinsta.com/blog/portfolio-website/  
 https://www.behance.net/gallery/173554871/Personal-Portfolio-Web
Template?tracking_source=search_projects|personal+portfolio  

What Is a Personal Portfolio Website? 
A personal portfolio website is a professional website that provides information about what you 
do, what services you may offer, and how to contact you or your company. 
Portfolio websites are an easy way to promote yourself, your brand, or your business. You'll 
increase your visibility for clients, managers, or employers to find you organically. Essentially, it's 
a digital business card and project portfolio all in one that's accessible, sharable, and drives 
results. 
What Should You Display on A Personal Portfolio Website? 
Now you know why you should create a personal portfolio website, but what should you include? 
Here are a few of the most important things to display on a portfolio site. 
What You Offer 
Are you a digital creator who offers freelance services? You'll want to show off your best digital 
designs, photographs, or web projects. If you're selling a product, be sure to include what your 
brand represents, who it's for, and what problem you will solve for a potential customer. 
Your Best Work 
You'll want to display all your best work and favorite projects. Remember, quantity isn't 
necessarily better than quality.  Oversharing your entire curriculum vitae can leave visitors 
overwhelmed and generally turned off. 
A Personal Touch 
It's important to highlight and focus on your professional services, goals, and achievements. 
That's the point, right? At the same time, don't be afraid to add a dash of personality and be 
yourself while staying concise and on-brand. That's how you'll stand out! 
Where to Find You Online 
Cross-promotion over different platforms is a dynamic strategy that can increase exposure, 
audience, and the chances of getting noticed. Include all relevant social media and any other links 
where customers can find examples of your work. 
How to Build a Personal Portfolio Website? 
Now you're a little more familiar, are you ready to personalize a website to showcase your 
portfolio and services? Here is the best way to create a personal portfolio website for beginners. 
Research and Find Inspiration 
Before diving in too deep, be sure to conduct your research and look for inspiration and examples 
of successful personal portfolio websites by real professionals. There are a ton of resources that 
are excellent for digital artists, photographers, and designers to check out how other people in 
their fields are designing their portfolio sites. 
Develop a Plan and Hone Your Message 
Once you've got an idea of what you'd like your design and layout to be, determine what content 
you'd like to use and how you'd like to present it. Also, be sure your message is clear and to the 
point. Don't leave visitors wandering your website guessing what you do and what they'll benefit 
from. Are you a graphic designer that specializes in social media content? Tell them, straight up! 
Add Your Content 
Organize your content to flow well by creating pages for each type of content. For example, you 
can select an image for your home page with a brief intro letting visitors know who you are and 
what you do. You can go more in-depth on your about or services page(s) while featuring the bulk 
of your work on a Portfolio page. Don't forget to include contact information and other relevant 
content, such as a blog or podcast. 